Confidentiality: Data granted by the user to the program, including personal information and created images, will never be shared or published by the program anywhere else. The user is ensured a closed-off secure editing environment in which they can employ personal, commercial or private photos, designs, information and etc., without running the risk of this information then being exposed. If a session is closed due to the computer powering off, or the tab being closed, or etc., all the information accessible from the user's side will be wiped from that session. If the user wishes to share or save the image, they are able to do so, but this will solely happen by their own decision, and the program will not release any information regarding who shared an image, with whom an image was shared, or who saved an image. And of course, the user can at any time choose to delete any and all files they have uploaded to the program, and they will all get completely wiped.

Integrity: Integrity is crucial for our program in how it relates to preserving the original quality of images uploaded by the user and not having them be tampered with. This will manifest itself in many ways. Images being uploaded will be encrypted so that they do not get possibly tampered with in transit. Once the image(s) is/are uploaded, the program will never make any changes to the images that the user is not informed about - e.g. images will not be compressed without the user themselves employing this functionality, image formats, dimensions and quality will all be preserved (if a format, dimension or resolution cannot be accepted by the program, the user will be notified about this, instead of the program covertly tampering with the file so that it can be uploaded. Moreover, during the editing process, all tools and functions of the program will work exactly as they are defined/presented - a tool will not do something one doesn't expect of it - and if mistakes are made, the 'undo'/'redo' buttons allow for the integrity of the image and data to be preserved.

Non-repudiation & Accountability: Although winning the trust of our users in the security of the program is of utmost importance, we also have to consider the flip-side of the coin - users should also be held accountable for misbehaviour on the platform, and the platform should generally be secured against all kinds of suspicious and harmful activity. Logs will be kept of user activity, so that if the system detects anything suspicious or harmful, it can know where this is coming from. Data will be encrypted, so the data of one user cannot be retrieved illegally by another user. Security tests will be carried out to ensure the program is stable against various attacks.
